{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f4\fswiss Helv;}{\f5\fmodern Courier;}{\f6\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f7\fmodern MS LineDraw;}
{\f8\froman Helvitica;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;
\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s244 \f5\fs16\up6\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 
\sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\f5\lang2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \f6\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext2 Title;}{\s3 \f5\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext3 Text;}{\s4 
\f5\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext4 Jump Text;}{\s5 \f5\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext5 Popup Text;}}{\info{\author ACS}{\operator ACS}{\creatim\yr1994\mo3\dy15\hr21\min57}{\revtim\yr1994\mo3\dy15\hr22\min45}{\version10}{\edmins302}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords65536}
{\nofchars65536}{\vern16504}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \f5\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} main_index}}{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 $} Index}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Contents;Index}}{\fs16\up6 +
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}}{\b\f6  GP Editor Help}{\b\f6 \tab }{\b\f6  (V4.1 23rd June 1995)}{\b\f6 
\par }\pard \qj\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\f6\fs20 GPEDITOR is a Windows utility for editing the car and helmet designs (colours) used by the MicroProse}{\scaps\f6\fs12\up6 TM}{\f6\fs20  PC }{
\b\i\f6\fs20 Grand Prix}{\f6\fs20 /}{\b\i\f6\fs20 World Circuit}{\f6\fs20  simulation program. GPEDITOR may also be used to modify the performance of the cars and drivers, the car numbers, team/driver names, and the permitted driving aids.}{\f6\fs20 

\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20\uldb Car Design Editor}{\v\f6\fs20 Car_Design_Editor}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20\uldb Helmet Design Editor}{\v\f6\fs20 Helmet_Design_Editor}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20\uldb Toolbar}{\v\f6\fs20 Toolbar}{\f6\fs20\uldb 
\par }{\f6\fs20\uldb Menu Commands}{\v\f6\fs20 Menu_Commands}{\f6\fs20\uldb 
\par }{\f6\fs20\uldb Command Line Arguments}{\v\f6\fs20\uldb Command_Line_Arguments}{\f6\fs20\uldb 
\par }{\f6\fs20\uldb Drag & Drop}{\v\f6\fs20\uldb Drag_Drop}{\f6\fs20\uldb 
\par }{\f6\fs20\uldb Choice of Colours}{\v\f6\fs20 Choice_of_Colours}{\f6\fs20\uldb 
\par }{\f6\fs20\uldb Linked Play via Modem}{\v\f6\fs20 Linked_Play_via_Modem}{\f6\fs20\uldb 
\par }{\f6\fs20\uldb Credits}{\v\f6\fs20 Credits}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20\uldb 
\par }{\f6\fs20\uldb F1SA}{\v\f6\fs20 F1SA}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
GPEDITOR requires Windows V3.1 and a mouse. For best results this program requires a Windows display driver capable of displaying 256 or more simultaneous colours. It will however work with standard 16 colour display drivers, but the colours won't corresp
}{\f6\fs20 ond very well to those seen whilst running the game.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 GPEDITOR}{\f6\fs20  has been tested with the following versions of }{\b\f6\fs20 GP.EXE}{\f6\fs20 :}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\b\f6\fs20 European (English, French, German)}{\b\f6\fs20 \tab }{\b\f6\fs20 V1.03 & V1.05}{\b\f6\fs20 
\par }{\b\f6\fs20 \tab }{\b\f6\fs20 USA}{\b\f6\fs20 \tab \tab }{\b\f6\fs20 \tab \tab \tab }{\b\f6\fs20 V1.04 & V1.05}{\b\f6\fs20 
\par }{\b\f6\fs20 \tab }{\b\f6\fs20 Italian}{\b\f6\fs20 \tab \tab }{\b\f6\fs20 \tab \tab \tab }{\b\f6\fs20 V1.05}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 If GPEDITOR doesn't recognise the game version it will attempt to locate the required information within the game EXE. If you have an unrecognised version of the game please contact the author.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\i\f6\fs16 As this }{\b\i\f6\fs16 is not}{\i\f6\fs16  a MicroProse product you should not attempt to get support for a mo}{\i\f6\fs16 dified game EXE file from MicroProse. If you have problems with the game then install the }{\b\i\f6\fs16 original copy}
{\i\f6\fs16  of the game EXE.}{\i\f6\fs16 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\i\fs16 
This program may be freely copied and distributed, as long as it is not modified in any way, no fee is charged and this help file is always included with the executable. This program is provided "as is" with no warranties expressed or implied. The author 
}{\i\fs16 will not be held responsible for any losses incurred, either directly or indirectly by the use of this program.}{\i\fs16 
\par }\pard\plain \qj\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \f5\lang2057 {\f6\fs20 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Car_Design_Editor}}{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 $} Car Design Editor}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Car Design Editor; Editor; Design; Colours}}{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {
\fs16\up6 +} N:000}}{\f6\fs20  }{\b\f6 Car Design Editor}{\b\f6 
\par }\pard \qj\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\f6\fs20 The main GP Editor window consists of a picture of an F1 Car with a colour palette box below.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \{}{\f6\fs20 bml palette.bmp}{\f6\fs20 \}}{\f6\fs20 Press the }{\b\f6\fs20 left mouse-button}{\f6\fs20 
 to fill the "Spray Gun" with the desired colour from the palette box (the rectangle next to the F1 Car will show you the current palette selection).}{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \qj\fi-720\li720\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \qj\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\f6\fs20 \{}{\f6\fs20 bml spraycan.bmp}{\f6\fs20 \}}{\f6\fs20 When the mouse pointer is placed over a car panel that }{\f6\fs20 
can be sprayed it will change to a "Spray Gun" }{\f6 , }{\f6\fs20 press the }{\b\f6\fs20 left mouse button}{\f6\fs20  to spray the panel with the currently selected colour.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 Note that some of the panels are linked together (i.e. the front and rear wings) and will always contain the same colour.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 If you wish to copy a colour that is on a car panel then you can select it as the current "Spray Gun" colour by pressing the }{\b\f6\fs20 right mouse button}{\f6\fs20  whilst pointing at the desired panel.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 GPEDITOR allows individual car colour designs to be loaded and save}{\f6\fs20 d via the }{\b\f6\fs20 Car}{\f6\fs20  menu option.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 When a game EXE file is opened (use the }{\b\f6\fs20 File}{\f6\fs20  menu option then }{\b\f6\fs20 Open Game EXE}{\f6\fs20 
) GPEDITOR loads the current designs for each of the 20 teams and displays a thumbnail picture of each car on the right hand side of the main window.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \qj\tx630\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\f6\fs20 \{}{\f6\fs20 bml teamcar.bmp}{\f6\fs20 \}}{\f6\fs20 To select a team either press the }{\b\f6\fs20 left mouse button}{\f6\fs20 
 whilst pointing at the thumbnail of the required team}{\f6 ,}{\f6\fs20  or use the drop down list box in the top right of the screen.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \qj\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 Use the }{\b\f6\fs20 File}{\f6\fs20  menu command }{\b\f6\fs20 Open Names}{\f6\fs20  to load your own customised team/engine name file (as saved by the game "}{\i\f6\fs20 Save Names}{\f6\fs20 
" option). The drop down list box will use the loaded team/engine names.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 You can load a previously saved individual car design at any time. Thus you can select a team, then load a design for that team's car. You can also use Windows Drag-and-Drop feature to load a design.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 When you've finished editing all the team's car designs you should use the }{\b\f6\fs20 File}{\f6\fs20  menu command }{\b\f6\fs20 Update Game EXE}{\f6\fs20  to save the new design colours in the ga}{\f6\fs20 me.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\f6\fs20 
Note that in the game the panel design for Team 1's cars differs slightly to the design used for the rest of the teams (which are as per the F1 Car displayed). Team 19's and Team 20's cars can only be set to a single colour.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\f6\fs20 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Helmet_Design_Editor}}{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 $} Helmet Design Editor}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Helmet Design Editor; Editor; Design; Colours}}{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}}{
\f6\fs20  }{\b\f6 Helmet Design Editor}{\b\f6 
\par }\pard \qj\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\f6\fs20 The main GP Editor window consists of a picture of a helmet with a colour palette box below.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \{}{\f6\fs20 bml palette.bmp}{\f6\fs20 \}}{\f6\fs20 Press the }{\b\f6\fs20 left mouse-button}{\f6\fs20 
 to fill the "Spray Gun" with the desired colour from the palette box (the rectangle next to the helmet will show you the current palette selection).}{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \qj\fi-720\li720\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \qj\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\f6\fs20 \{}{\f6\fs20 bml spraycan.bmp}{\f6\fs20 \}}{\f6\fs20 
When the mouse pointer is placed over a helmet section that can be sprayed it will change to a "Spray Gun"}{\f6 , }{\f6\fs20 press the }{\b\f6\fs20 left mouse button}{\f6\fs20  to spray the section with the currently selected colour.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 Note that some of the thinner sections are only displayed by the game when the helmet is viewed close-up.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 If you wish to copy a colour that is}{\f6\fs20  on a helmet section then you can select it as the current "Spray Gun" colour by pressing the }{\b\f6\fs20 right mouse button}{\f6\fs20  whilst pointing at the desired section.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 GPEDITOR allows individual helmet colour designs to be loaded and saved via the }{\b\f6\fs20 Helmet}{\f6\fs20  menu option.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 When a game EXE file is opened (use the }{\b\f6\fs20 File}{\f6\fs20  menu option then }{\b\f6\fs20 Open Game EXE}{\f6\fs20 
) GPEDITOR loads the current designs for each of the drivers. It also displays a drop down list box of the drivers in the top right hand corner of the window.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 Use the }{\b\f6\fs20 File}{\f6\fs20  men}{\f6\fs20 u command }{\b\f6\fs20 Open Names}{\f6\fs20  to load your own customised driver name file (as saved by the game "}{\i\f6\fs20 Save Names}{\f6\fs20 
" option). The drop down list box will use the loaded driver names.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 You can load a previously saved individual helmet design at any time. Thus you can select a driver, then load a design. You can also use Windows Drag-and-Drop feature to load a design.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 When you've finished editing all the driver's helmet designs you should use the }{\b\f6\fs20 File}{\f6\fs20  menu command }{\b\f6\fs20 Update Game EXE}{\f6\fs20  to save the new design colours in the game.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\f6\fs20 
Note that due to the way the helmet data is stored in the game EXE it is not possible to fully edit the helmet design for driver's #13,#15,#36,#37,#38,#39,#40; the first four horizontal section colours and the visor maybe modified, the rest of the helmet 
}{\f6\fs20 will be set to the same colour as the fourth horizontal section from the top.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\f6\fs20 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Toolbar}}{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 
{\fs16\up6 $} Toolbar}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Toolbar; Menu Commands}}{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}}{\f6\fs20  }{\b\f6 Toolbar}{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\f6\fs20 The toolbar provides a faster method of accessing a number}{\f6\fs20  of the more commonly used menu commands.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \{}{\f6\fs20 bml tbnew.bmp}{\f6\fs20 \}}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb New}{\v\f6\fs20\uldb Edit_New}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \{}{\f6\fs20 bml tbopen.bmp}{\f6\fs20 \}}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Load}{\v\f6\fs20 Edit_Load}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \{}{\f6\fs20 bml tbsave.bmp}{\f6\fs20 \}}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Save}{\v\f6\fs20 Edit_Save}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \qj\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\f6\fs20 \{}{\f6\fs20 bml tbcar.bmp}{\f6\fs20 \}}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Car Design Editor}{\v\f6\fs20 Car_Design_Editor}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \{}{\f6\fs20 bml tbhelmet.bmp}{\f6\fs20 \}}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Helmet Design Editor}{\v\f6\fs20 Helmet_Design_Editor}{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \qj\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\f6\fs20 \{}{\f6\fs20 bml tbaids.bmp}{\f6\fs20 \}}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Driving Aids}{\v\f6\fs20 Driving_Aids}{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\f6\fs20 \{}{\f6\fs20 bml tbcarnum.bmp}{\f6\fs20 \}}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Car Numbers}{\v\f6\fs20 Car_Numbers}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \{}{\f6\fs20 bml tbcarprf.bmp}{\f6\fs20 \}}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Car Performance}{\v\f6\fs20 IDH_CAR_PERFORMANCE}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \{}{\f6\fs20 bml tbdrvprf.bmp}{\f6\fs20 \}}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Driver Performance}{\v\f6\fs20 IDH_DRIVER_PERFORMANCE}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \{}{\f6\fs20 bml tbnames.bmp}{\f6\fs20 \}}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Names}{\v\f6\fs20 Names}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \{}{\f6\fs20 bml tbaig.bmp}{\f6\fs20 \}}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb AI Car Grip}{\v\f6\fs20 AI_Car_Grip}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \{}{\f6\fs20 bml tbpower.bmp}{\f6\fs20 \}}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Player's Car Perfromance}{\v\f6\fs20 Players_Car_Performance}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \{}{\f6\fs20 bml tbhelp.bmp}{\f6\fs20 \}}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Contents}{\v\f6\fs20 Contents}{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\f6\fs20 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Menu_Commands}}{\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 $} Menu Commands}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Menu Commands; Menu; Commands}}{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}}{\f6\fs20  }{\b\f6 
Menu Commands}{\f6 
\par }\pard \qj\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\b\f6\fs20 File:}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Open Game EXE}{\v\f6\fs20 Open_Game_EXE}{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s3 \f5\lang2057 {\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Update Game EXE}{\v\f6\fs20 Update_Game_EXE}{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \qj\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \f5\lang2057 {\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Open Names}{\v\f6\fs20\uldb Open_Names}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Save Names}{\v\f6\fs20 Save_Names}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Import}{\v\f6\fs20 Import}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Export}{\v\f6\fs20 Export}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Language}{\v\f6\fs20 Language}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Exit}{\v\f6\fs20 Exit}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\b\f6\fs20 Edit:}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb New}{\v\f6\fs20 Edit_New}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Load}{\v\f6\fs20 Edit_Load}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Save}{\v\f6\fs20 Edit_Save}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\b\f6\fs20 Options:}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Driving Aids}{\v\f6\fs20 Driving_Aids}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Car Numbers}{\v\f6\fs20 Car_Numbers}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Car Performance}{\v\f6\fs20 IDH_CAR_PERFORMANCE}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Driver Performance}{\v\f6\fs20 IDH_DRIVER_PERFORMANCE}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Names}{\v\f6\fs20 Names}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb AI Car Grip}{\v\f6\fs20 AI_Car_Grip}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Player's Car Perfromance}{\v\f6\fs20 Players_Car_Performance}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\b\f6\fs20 Window:}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Car Editor}{\v\f6\fs20 Car_Editor}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Helmet Editor}{\v\f6\fs20 Helmet_Editor}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\b\f6\fs20 Help:}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb Contents}{\v\f6\fs20 Contents}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb How to Use Help}{\v\f6\fs20 How_to_Use_Help}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20\uldb About GP Editor}{\v\f6\fs20 menu_about}{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \f6\fs20\lang2057 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Open_Game_EXE}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 $} Open Game EXE}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Open Game; Menu Commands; Open; Game; EXE; GP.EXE; Load}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}} {\plain \b\f6\lang2057 Open Game EXE}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \qj\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \f5\lang2057 {\f6\fs20 This menu command is used to open the game }{\f6\fs20 EXE file (normally }{\b\f6\fs20 GP.EXE}{\f6\fs20 
). GPEDITOR loads the current settings for the car/helmet designs and car/driver performance from the game EXE file.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 If GPEDITOR doesn't recognise the version of the game it will attempt to locate the required information within the game EXE file.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \f6\fs20\lang2057 {\b Warning:}
 Before performing an update of the game EXE file make sure that you have made a backup copy of the original game EXE (e.g. "{\i COPY GP.EXE GP.SAV}") just in case the update should fail.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Update_Game_EXE}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 $} Update Game EXE}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Update; Game; Menu Commands; EXE; GP.EXE; Save; Change}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +
} N:000}} {\plain \b\f6\lang2057 Update Game EXE}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 This menu command updates the currently loaded game EXE file (normally {\b GP.EXE}
) with the currently selected colour schemes and car/driver performance information.
\par 
\par If the update fails then make sure that the file is writeable (see the DOS "{\i ATTRIB -R}" command).
\par 
\par {\b Warning:} Before performing an update of the game EXE file make sure that you have made a backup copy of the original game EXE (e.g. "{\i COPY GP.EXE GP.SAV}") just in case the update should fail.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Open_Names}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 
{\fs16\up6 $} Open Names}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Open; Names; Menu Commands; Drivers Names; Team Names; Car Names; *.NAM}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +}
 N:000}} {\plain \b\f6\lang2057 Open Names}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 This menu command loads the driver and team/engine names from a file saved using the game "{\i Save Names}
" menu option. This makes the identification of the cars and drivers much easier. If a name file isn't loaded then "Team ?" is used for teams, and "Driver #?" is used for drivers.
\par 
\par The default filename extension for name files is {\b *.NAM}.
\par See {\uldb Save Names}{\v Save_Names} and {\uldb Names}{\v Names}.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Save_Names}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 
{\fs16\up6 $} Save Names}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Save; Names; Menu Commands; Drivers Names; Team Names; Car Names; *.NAM}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +}
 N:000}} {\plain \b\f6\lang2057 Save Names}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 This menu command saves the driver and team/engine names to a file. This file can then be loaded into the game using the "{\i Load Names}" menu option.
\par 
\par The default filename extension for name files is {\b *.NAM}.
\par See {\uldb Open Names}{\v Open_Names} and {\uldb Names}{\v Names}.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Import}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {
\fs16\up6 $} Import}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Import; Menu Commands; F1SA; GPE; *.GPE; Data Packet; Loading}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}} {\plain 
\b\f6\lang2057 Import (GPE)}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 This facility provides a method of loading a previously exported set of patch information (see {\uldb Export}{\v Export}
). This patch information file is fairly small so provides an ideal method of distributing a setup to a number of users.
\par 
\par The patch information comprises all the car and helmet colours, car performance information, driver performance information, AI car grip and human car power (it doesn't include the driving aids).
\par 
\par The Import file may also contain a comment. If this is the case the comment will be displayed in a dialogue box. The title will show the date/time the file was created. As well as viewing the comment on-screen you can use the "{\i Save As}
" button to save the file. This file may be edited using any ASCII editor (e.g. Windows {\i Notepad}).
\par 
\par The import file may also contain the names for the drivers/teams/engines. If this is the case you can use the {\uldb Save Names}{\v Save_Names} option to save these for later loading into the game.
\par 
\par The default filename extension for import files is {\b *.GPE}.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Export}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {
\fs16\up6 $} Export}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Export; Menu Commands; F1SA; GPE; *.GPE; Data Packet; Saving}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}} {\plain 
\b\f6\lang2057 Export (GPE)}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 
This facility provides a method of saving a set of patch information. This patch information file is fairly small so provides an ideal method of distributing a setup to a number of users.
\par 
\par The patch information comprises all the car and helmet colours, car performance information, driver performance information, AI car grip and human car power (it doesn't include the driving aids).
\par 
\par The exported file may also contain a comment. You are prompted to enter a comment. The comment may be manually entered or you can use the "{\i Load}" button to retrieve any ASCII file. When the comment is displayed by the {\uldb Import}{\v Import}
 facility the date/time of the exported file will be displayed in the comment title bar.
\par 
\par If a set of names for the drivers/teams/engines has been previously loaded then these will be saved in the export file as well.
\par 
\par The default filename extension for import files is {\b *.GPE}.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Language}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {
\fs16\up6 $} Language}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Language; Transaltion; Menu Commands; English; American; French; German}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}}
 {\plain \b\f6\lang2057 Language}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 This dialogue provides a method of changing the language used for the menu bar and the dialogue and message boxes.
\par 
\par Currently English, French and German are available.
\par 
\par Select the language required and press OK. GPEDITOR remembers the previously selected language.
\par 
\par The very first time you start GPEDITOR it will attempt to select the appropriate language for your version of Windows. If your language isn't supported then it will default to English.
\par 
\par Note: Some of the standard Windows dialogues (e.g. the "{\i File Open}" dialogue) and system menus depend on the version of Windows you are using.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Exit}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {
\fs16\up6 $} Exit}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Exit; Menu Commands; Quit; End; Terminate Program; Close}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}} {\plain 
\b\f6\lang2057 Exit}{\plain \f6\lang2057 
\par }\pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 This menu command terminates GPEDITOR. Make sure you have saved the current design and performed an EXE update before exiting.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Edit_New}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {
\fs16\up6 $} Edit New}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Edit New; Menu Commands; Car; Helmet; New}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}} {\plain \b\f6\lang2057 
Edit New}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 This menu command resets the car or helmet colours to the default blank colour.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\plain \b\f6\lang2057 \page }{\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Edit_Load}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 $} Edit Load}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Edit Load; Menu Commands; Car; Helmet; Load; *.CAR; *.HEL}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {
\fs16\up6 +} N:000}}{\f5\fs16\up6  }{\plain \b\f6\lang2057 Edit Load}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 
If the car editor is currently selected this menu command loads a previously saved car design into the car editor. The default filename extension for car design files is {\b *.CAR}.
\par 
\par If the helmet editor is currently selected this menu command loads a previously saved helmet design into the helmet editor. The default filename extension for helmet design files is {\b *.HEL}.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\plain \b\f6\lang2057 \page }{\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Edit_Save}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 $} Edit Save}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Edit Save; Menu Commands; Car; Helmet; Save; *.CAR; *.HEL}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {
\fs16\up6 +} N:000}}{\plain \b\f6\lang2057  Edit Save}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 
If the car editor is currently selected this menu command saves the currently displayed car design to a file. The default filename extension for car design files is {\b *.CAR}.
\par 
\par If the helmet editor is currently selected this menu command saves the currently displayed helmet design to a file. The default filename extension for helmet design files is {\b *.HEL}.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Driving_Aids}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 $} Driving Aids}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Driving Aids; Menu Commands; Aids; Ace; Pro; Semi-Pro; Amatuer; Rookie; Auto Brakes; Auto Gears; Self-Correcting Spin;Indestructible Mode; Ideal Line; Suggested Gear}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}} 
{\plain \b\f6\lang2057 Driving Aids}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 This dialogue allows you to configure which driving aids are available at each driving skill level.
\par 
\par Use the "{\i Normal}" button to restore the game defaults as documented in the manual (some versions of the game contain a bug that permits some modes that shouldn't be available at the higher skill levels).
\par 
\par Use the "{\i Allow All}" button to allow the use of any driving aid at any skill level.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Car_Numbers}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 $} Car Numbers}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Car Numbers; Menu Commands; Numbers; Car; Teams}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}} 
{\plain \b\f6\lang2057 Car Numbers}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 This dialogue allows you to configure the car numbers used by each team car. The numbers {\b 1} to {\b 40} are available. If you set a car number to {\b 0}
 then that car will be disabled.
\par 
\par Note that each number must be unique (i.e., you can only use it once).
\par 
\par Use the "{\i Normal}" button to restore the standard numbering.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_CAR_PERFORMANCE}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 $} Car Performance}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Car; Menu Commands; Performance; BHP; Engine; Power}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +}
 N:000}} {\plain \b\f6\lang2057 Car Performance}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 This dialogue box allows you to change the relative performance of the cars. The performance can be set from a low of {\b 500 BHP} to a high of {\b 999 BHP}.

\par 
\par The human player's engine performance is normally 716 BHP but may be changed using the {\uldb Player's Car Performance}{\v Players_Car_Performance} menu command.
\par 
\par Use the {\uldb Open Names}{\v\uldb Open_Names} menu command to the load your own customised team names.
\par 
\par Note 
that for very high settings of the car's BHP they will tend to wear out their tyres more in 100% race distances and be very slow during the later stages of a race. A better solution is to decrease the player's  BHP and increase the AI car grip to make the
 game more competitive.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 {\f8 \page }{\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} IDH_DRIVER_PERFORMANCE}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 $} Driver Performance}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Driver; Menu Commands; Performance; Skill; Qualifying; Race; Human; Player}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}}{\f8  }{\plain \b\f6\lang2057 Driver Performance}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 This dialogue box allows you to change the qualifying and race performance for each driver. The position can be set between 1st and 40th.
\par 
\par These values are the likely placings when qualifying and racing. The relative car performance is also taken into account when randomising the driver placings.
\par {\f8 
\par }Use the {\uldb Open Names}{\v\uldb Open_Names} menu command to the load your own customised driver names.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Names}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {
\fs16\up6 $} Names}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Names; Menu Commands; Drivers Names; Team Names; Car Names; *.NAM}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}} {\plain 
\b\f6\lang2057 Names}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 Instead of using the game's name editor you can edit the names within GPEDITOR.
\par 
\par Unlike the game you may use any printable character for the team and engine names.
\par 
\par See {\uldb Open Names}{\v Open_Names} and {\uldb Save Names}{\v Save_Names}.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} AI_Car_Grip}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 $} AI Car Grip}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} AI Car Grip; Menu Commands; Performance; Computer Cars; Cornering Speeds; Braking}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}} {\plain \b\f6\lang2057 AI Car Grip}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 This dialogue allows you to change the amount of grip the AI (computer) cars ha
ve when cornering. By increasing the value you can increase the speed the computer cars can take the corners. This also has the effect of reducing their braking distances.
\par 
\par The AI grip may be changed from a low of {\b 1} to a high of {\b 100}.
\par 
\par Use the "{\i Normal}" button to restore the default grip level of {\b 1}.
\par 
\par AI stands for "{\i Artificial Intelligence}".
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Players_Car_Performance}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 $} Player's Car Performance}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Player's Car Performance; Menu Commands; BHP; Human; Player; Car; Performance}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}} {\plain \b\f6\lang2057 Player's Car }{\plain \b\f6\lang2057 Performance}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 This dialogue allows you to change the BHP power level of the player's car from a low of {\b 450 BHP} to a high of {\b 999 BHP}. See {\uldb Car Performance}{\v 
IDH_CAR_PERFORMANCE }for the computer car's engine performance.
\par 
\par Use the "{\i Normal}" button to restore the default BHP level.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Car_Editor}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 
{\fs16\up6 $} Car Editor}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Car Editor; Menu Commands; Window; Editor; Car; Helmet}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}} {\plain 
\b\f6\lang2057 Car Editor}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 This menu command allows you to switch from the helmet editor to the car editor.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Helmet_Editor}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 $} Helmet Editor}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Helmet Editor; Menu Commands; Window; Editor; Car; Helmet}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 
+} N:000}} {\plain \b\f6\lang2057 Helmet Editor}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 This menu option allows you to switch from the car editor to the helmet editor.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Contents}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {
\fs16\up6 $} Contents}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Contents; Menu Commands; Menu Command; Help}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}} {\plain \b\f6\lang2057 
Contents}{\plain \b\f6\lang2057 
\par }\pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 This menu command loads and displays this help file.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} How_to_Use_Help}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 $} How to Use Help}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} How to Use Help; Menu Commands; Help}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}} {\plain 
\b\f6\lang2057 How to Use Help}{\plain \f6\lang2057 
\par }\pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 This menu command explains how to use the Windows help program to read this help file.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} menu_about}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 
{\fs16\up6 $} About}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} About Box;Menu Commands; Program Information; Version Information;Information}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +}
 N:000}} {\plain \b\f6\lang2057 About}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 This menu command displays the About dialogue box that shows the current version of the program together with the copyright and credits.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Command_Line_Arguments}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 $} Command Line Arguments}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Command Line Arguments; Arguments; GP.EXE; Names; Invocation; Parameters; Startup}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}} {\plain \b\f6\lang2057 Command Line Arguments}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 GPEDITOR takes two optional command line arguments:
\par 
\par \tab Usage: GPEDITOR {\i [GP.EXE] [GP.NAM]}
\par 
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 The first argument {\i GP.EXE} is the game EXE to be loaded. The second argument is the names file.\page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Drag_Drop}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 $} Drag & Drop}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Drag & Drop; Windows; Editor; Load; File Manager; Mouse}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}} {\plain \b\f6\lang2057 Drag & Drop}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 The car/helmet editor and the car thumbnails support Windows {\i Drag-and-Drop}. To use this feature open Windows {\i File Manager} and select a {\b *.CAR} or {
\b *.HEL} file; click left and hold, drag the file and drop it on the editor window to load it. You can also drag {\b *.CAR} files directly to the thumbnails of the cars.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Choice_of_Colours}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 $} Choice of Colours}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Choice of Colours; Colours; Editor; Sky; Track; Blue; Grey; Wet Race}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}} {\plain \b\f6\lang2057 Choice of Colour}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 When choosing colours be careful with colours that correspond to the {\b sky} (light blues) and the {\b track} (greys).
\par 
\par When the game simulates a {\b wet race} it remaps the light blue palette to greys. This can cause parts of the cars/helmets to change colour! Use the games '{\i Quick Race Options}' menu option to force a wet race.
\par 
\par For car designs try not to use the same colour all over the car. Use slightly darker versions of the colour on the side panels to get a better 3D effect in the game. Note that some of the car panels are only displayed when you are close to the car.
\par 
\par For helmet designs some of the thinner sections are only displayed when you are very close to the helmet.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Linked_Play_via_Modem}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 $} Linked Play via Modem}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Linked Play; Modem; Colours; Performance}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}
} {\plain \b\f6\lang2057 Linked Play via Modem}
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 When playing a linked game between two machines it is recommended that {\b both players use the same modified game EXE}.
\par 
\par Failing this, you may have different car/helmet designs in each game EXE but you {\b must} ensure that the team/driver performance figures (and AI grip) are identical.
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} Credits}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {
\fs16\up6 $} Credits}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} Credits; Program Information; Bug Reports; Information}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 +} N:000}} {\plain 
\b\f6\lang2057 Credits}{\plain \b\f6\lang2057 
\par }\pard\plain \f5\lang2057 {\f6\fs20 This program was written by }{\b\f6\fs20 Trevor Kellaway}{\f6\fs20 . I would like to thank MicroProse for such an excellent simulation program. I would also like to thank all CompuServe Sport Simulations forum (GO }{
\f6\fs20\uldb SPRTSIMS}{\v\f6\fs20 F1SA}{\f6\fs20 ) members who assisted, with a special mention for:}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 Ben Rousseau}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 French translation}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 Aldo Reuter}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 German translation}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 Hugo Pi}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 \tab \tab }{\f6\fs20 Technical investigation}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 Derm Quinn}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 Forum SysOp, Beta Tester}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 Paul D'Ascensio}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 Forum SysOp, Beta Tester}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 Steve Meier}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 Beta Tester}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 John Martin}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 Beta Tester}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 Please send}{\f6\fs20  any suggestions, comments, or bug reports (include the version of GPEDITOR you are using and the version of the game EXE and which country you bought the game in) to the author at:}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\fi-2880\li2880\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \f6\fs20\lang2057 CompuServe: \tab 100331,2330 (Trevor Kellaway)
\par \pard \s2\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 Internet: \tab 100331.2330@compuserve.com
\par \pard \s2\keepn\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 \page {\f5\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 #} F1SA}}{\f5\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {
\fs16\up6 $} F1SA}}{\f5\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {\fs16\up6 K} F1SA; CompuServe; CIS; SPRTSIMS; Forum; Motor Sport; Lib #6; Racing Circuits; Lib #14; Hot-Laps}}{\f5\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang2057 {
\fs16\up6 +} N:000}} 
\par \{bml f1sa.bmp\} {\b\i\fs28\cf7 Formula 1 Simulators Association}
\par \pard\plain \keepn \f5\lang2057 {\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard {\f6\fs20 Welcome to the third season of the Formula 1 Simulators Association (F1SA)
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 Our goal is to promote international racing simulation by providing}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 organised}{\f6\fs20  competition and attractions based in CompuServe}{\f6\fs20  (GO SPRTSIMS)}{\f6\fs20 .
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 We want to provide a friendly, competitive environment in order to extract}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 even more enjoyment from Microprose's World Circuit/Formula One Grand Prix.}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 
We want to exchange information and accounts of experiences while using the}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 game. This series will be devoted to the enjoyment of Formula One racing }{\f6\fs20 and}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 
the antics that are a part of preparing for a race. Everyone is welcome to}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 participate.
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 F1SA provides these attractions:
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 -}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 Races that coincide with Formula One's schedule
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 -}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 Challenge Races with regulated configurations
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 -}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 SuperGrid Challenge races where you race against your peers
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 -}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 Reports for the standard and Challenge races
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 -}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 Hot-Lap charts
\par }{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 -}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 News reports
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 There are also some Library files that you should consider, these are in}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 either Lib.6/Motorsports or Lib.14/Racing Circuits:
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 Library 6:
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 F1TIPX.ZIP}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 A Windows Help file that covers setups and flying laps
\par }{\f6\fs20 GPEDIT.ZIP}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 A Windows car, helmet, car power and handling editor
\par }{\f6\fs20 GPANYL.ZIP}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 A program for analysing log files (see GPLAP.ZIP)
\par }{\f6\fs20 SPRGRP.ZIP}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 A tire compound that gives your car vacuum-like traction}{\f6\fs20  (}{\f6\fs20 illegal for F1SA races and Hot Laps)
\par }{\f6\fs20 WCFF.ZIP}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 A program that speeds up the fade times }{\f6\fs20 in-betwee}{\f6\fs20 n}{\f6\fs20  screens
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 Library 14:
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 F1SA.TXT}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 This file but you already know that 
\par }{\f6\fs20 F1SASC.TXT}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 The 1995 F}{\f6\fs20 1 and F1SA schedule
\par }{\f6\fs20 F1SARA.TXT}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 The current race announcement.
\par }{\f6\fs20 F1SA95.ZIP}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 The GPE and Names file for the current race
\par }{\f6\fs20 F1SA-H.TXT}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 A description on how to enter your quickest laps times
\par }{\f6\fs20 F1SA-H.LAP}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 The current Hot Lap chart
\par }{\f6\fs20 CCPIT.ZIP}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 A TSR program that modifies the computer cars pit strategy
\par }{\f6\fs20 GPLAP.ZIP}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 A set of programs (Win & DOS) to log the times for *all*}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 the }{\f6\fs20 cars to disk.
\par }{\f6\fs20 SPLIT.ZIP\tab }{\f6\fs20 A utility for showing split times at 4 points around a cicuit
\par }{\f6\fs20 QTYRES.ZIP\tab }{\f6\fs20 Use }{\f6\fs20 any number of Q's in any type of session (except a race). 
\par }{\f6\fs20 WCTEX.ZIP\tab }{\f6\fs20 Eliminates annoying characters from the game's reports.
\par }{\f6\fs20 F194RB.ZIP\tab }{\f6\fs20 F1SA 94 RaceBook(tm) - Details on Teams, Drivers and more!}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 GPPERF.ZIP\tab }{\f6\fs20 A "Black Box" recorder. Records telemetry type data.
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 Library 2 of Game Publishers Forum B:
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 UKF1GP.ZIP \tab }{\f6\fs20 Upgrade for the European version of F1/GP (WC) to 1.05.
\par }{\f6\fs20 USWC.ZIP}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 Upgrade for the US version of WC (F1/GP) to 1.05.
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 The F1SA racing series will parallel the actual Formu}{\f6\fs20 la One schedule as}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 closely as possible with regard to dates and tracks. Since the game models}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 
the actual sessions that comprise a Grand Prix weekend, you can schedule the}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 individual sessions as you see fit, but the most realistic setup would be to}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 
have Free Practice on Friday, Qualifying on Saturday, then the pre-Race}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 warmup and the Race on Sunday.
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 This year, we will be keeping track of points earned towards the World Championship.}{\f6\fs20  If you }{\f6\fs20 w}{\f6\fs20 ish to compete for points, you must use the announced setti}{\f6\fs20 ngs.}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 
If you finish in a points}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 paying position, the top six, you must upload a binary copy of your *.LOG file created by}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 GPLAPTIM ver 5.0 or later to receive championship points.
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 You may run any combination of driving aids. You may select any level of}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 competition. You may choose any length of practice, qualifying, and race.}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 
Look for the current race announcement and download F1SA95.ZIP from lib 14}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 for the current suggested settings if you want to race with comparable }{\f6\fs20 settings with other drivers. 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 Now you are ready to race.}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 Go to the track, practice, qualify, and race. If you prefer to skip }{\f6\fs20 a}{\f6\fs20 
ny or all of the sessions, that's your choice. However, for the sessions that you do participate in, record the pertinent information: your qualifying time, your grid position, your fastest race lap, your overall race time, your finishing position, the se
}{\f6\fs20 ttings and aids used.
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 Then write a report for everyone to read and enjoy. Tell us about the}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 practice session. How did it go? Did you spin a lot? What setu}{\f6\fs20 ps did you}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 
try? Did they help? What happened in qualifying? Who set the pole and how}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 fast was he? Who was fastest in the pre-race warmup? What tires are you}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 
using? How did the race go? What pit stops did you make, and what for?
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 And very important: Tell us what driving aids you used, what competition}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 level you are racing against, and what length of race you chose. Be as}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 
loquacious or as reticent as you prefer. If your setups are a big secret,}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 then don't talk about them. In short, have some fun with }{\f6\fs20 it!}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 If you feel that there is a good }{\f6\fs20 
chance that you will finish in the top six of all the F1SA }{\f6\fs20 m}{\f6\fs20 embers, be sure to use GPLAPTIM.EXE to log your race so that you can submit your binary race log.
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 You could post all the information in one message. Or you could post a}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 separate message for each session. For clarity, please use a header like}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 
"F1SA (the track name and your name", an example would be "F1SA Monaco}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 Smith". Address the reports to Ken (73527,3154), and post them in Section 14}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 in the SPRTSIMS F}{\f6\fs20 orum.
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 We suggest that you don't use the Championship Season option in WC/F1GP;}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 instead choose the Non-Championship Race option. This way you can choose}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 
the track of your choice in any order, and restarting a race will be much}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 easier. As you will see in the schedule below, changes in the Formula One}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 
schedule since 1991 have necessitated a few substitutions. See F1SA95.SCH }{\f6\fs20 for the 1995 race schedule.
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 We want to collect data on peoples' preferences regarding driving aids,}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 length of races, and comp}{\f6\fs20 etition levels. All of this information will help}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 
in future incarnations of F1SA. If you have any suggestions, please don't}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 be shy. Give F1SA a try, we have a lot of fun and we all will benefit from }{\f6\fs20 your participation!
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 The F1SA organization invites all to join in with the F1SA races and the }{\f6\fs20 Hot-Lap charts.}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 Just send a note to Ray (100271,1560), Jerry (71621,3307)}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 
or Ken (73527,3154) and we will get you up to speed and bring you in on the}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 fun.}{\f6\fs20  }{\f6\fs20 Or better yet, post a message in the forum to All, "}{\f6\fs20 F1SA New Team", }{\f6\fs20 and tell us a littl}{\f6\fs20 
e or a lot about the new team.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20  Jerry, Ken & Ray}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 F1SA HQ
\par }}